README.md, before:

# PSOBB Drop Charts
This addon provides you with a reference for items that drop from enemies on certain difficulties and for specific Section IDs. The drop chart data in this addon is for [Ephinea](https://ephinea.pioneer2.net/drop-charts/normal/), so it may not be accurate if you're playing on another server.

### Installation
1. Install the [addon plugin](https://github.com/HybridEidolon/psobbaddonplugin) for PSOBB.
2. Download this repository by clicking [**here**](https://github.com/SethClydesdale/psobb-drop-charts/archive/master.zip).
3. Drag and drop the **Drop Charts** addon into the /addons directory in your PSOBB folder.

### How to Use
This addon doesn't open automatically since it's a reference resource that you open when you need it. To open the Drop Charts :

1. Press the **\`** key to open the main addon menu.
2. Select **Drop Charts** from the menu to open the drop chart list.

After this you can select the difficulty and section id to see what item an enemy can drop. Hover over an item to see your chances of obtaining it.

### Preview
[![](https://i11.servimg.com/u/f11/18/21/41/30/pso13126.jpg)](https://i11.servimg.com/u/f11/18/21/41/30/pso13126.jpg)

### Change Log

#### v1.0.1
- Adjusted table layout.
- Other minor code optimizations.

Commit message:

update drop charts
See v1.0.2 in the README under Change Log for more details.

README.md, after:

# PSOBB Drop Charts
This addon provides you with a reference for items that drop from enemies on certain difficulties and for specific Section IDs. The drop chart data in this addon is for [Ephinea](https://ephinea.pioneer2.net/drop-charts/normal/), so it may not be accurate if you're playing on another server.

### Installation
1. Install the [addon plugin](https://github.com/HybridEidolon/psobbaddonplugin) for PSOBB.
2. Download this repository by clicking [**here**](https://github.com/SethClydesdale/psobb-drop-charts/archive/master.zip).
3. Drag and drop the **Drop Charts** addon into the /addons directory in your PSOBB folder.

### How to Use
This addon doesn't open automatically since it's a reference resource that you open when you need it. To open the Drop Charts :

1. Press the **\`** key to open the main addon menu.
2. Select **Drop Charts** from the menu to open the drop chart list.

After this you can select the difficulty and section id to see what item an enemy can drop. Hover over an item to see your chances of obtaining it.

### Preview
[![](https://i11.servimg.com/u/f11/18/21/41/30/pso13126.jpg)](https://i11.servimg.com/u/f11/18/21/41/30/pso13126.jpg)

### Change Log

#### v1.0.2
- Updated drop charts to reflect the changes made in [this update](https://www.pioneer2.net/community/threads/minor-update.7791/#post-73734).

#### v1.0.1
- Adjusted table layout.
- Other minor code optimizations.
